In the last lecture we created those pages.
Let's now work on the models for our app.
I'm going to create a new models folder in the source folder where I want to store in my models and
I will start with the location model in there.
So I'm going to create a new file location dot TS and this will simply export a class which I'll name
a location here want to define how a location should look like in my app.
Now of course that could differ for your app but I want to have my location to have a public property
let for the latitude which will be a number and a public property long or LNG for along that route which
will also be a number because location is simply defined by these two properties but these two number
is a latitude and longitude.
So that's a robber's simple model but one will use quite a lot for the app.
The first usage appears here in the place dot TS and the model for a place a place of course is more
than just a location a place also includes the image for example.
So let's export this place class here.
And again I'll use the pub construct or shortcut wifi access or here here to create property and assign
a value in one step.
And the first property as a place should have is the title the title we can enter in this form and we
create a place.
I also want to have a description on my place which will also be a string.
And I'm going to split this up a remodel blinds that it's easier to read.
Besides that tile and description I also want to have a location which will be of type location.
And here I need to import the location I just created a few seconds ago.
So from this dot slash location POV year from my location file.
Well and last but not least my place should not only have title description and location it should also
have an image hogger here.
I will store the path to that image so I'll name this image path and make of type string.
So this will not be the image itself.
Instead the image will be stored somewhere else on the device and this will only store the path to that
image which is the pattern you should use.
So with that I have a place which will store all the data about a place I need.
And if that were set to now start working on our app and start hooking up the navigation so that we
are able to go to this new place page and then set up this new place page so that we can start adding
places.
Let's start with all those things in the next lecture.